all right guys well thank you for
joining us for another
sponsor insider webinar for saster we're
excited to be here and talk to you this
month
um we're going to be doing these every
third tuesday of the month so your next
one is going to be april 20th
but um this month we are going to be
talking about disaster enterprise which
is coming up in may
i am here with amelia barrow who's our
svp and gm of saster
and i am caitlin palachucci who's
dealing with you guys for sponsor
success
without further ado i will pass it over
to amelia to kick us off
thanks okay one um so yeah as she
said we really wanted to take some time
today to focus
on our next digital mega event which is
disaster enterprise
um so we've had a full schedule of
digital events already in 2021
and we just wrapped faster build last
week
um and then in january we had like an
informal disaster
university spring semester day
um and here is our schedule for
the remainder of 2021 um we're super
excited
that enterprise is our next event um we
had
a very successful enterprise 2020 last
year in a digital format
we're bringing it back again this year
may 26th
and 27th um two day events
we'll obviously be sharing all the
details today um
feel free to pop any questions you might
have about enterprise or any of our
upcoming events
into the q a um or if you have any deep
dive questions we're also happy to do
individual follow-ups
uh with folks um so yeah so starting to
present our next event and then looking
just
at a glance at the rest of the year
we've got faster money after that and
beginning of q3 that one's really going
to be focused on finance
fintech and funding so a lot of
a lot of great stuff there um sister
annual will be back
this year um the 27th through the 29th
this will be a hybrid event both digital
and
in person we're allowed we'll get more
to that in our next
sponsor webinar uh because today we want
to focus on enterprise
and then we'll close out the year with
sash for scale we just had this last
december and we had it
in person the year before um this is a
really cool
um playbooks2 event um that we always
end the year on so
just our events in 2021 at a glance
all right uh so let's dig into sastra
enterprise um
this is our flagship cxo event
um you guys might have remembered if
you're a um
current or previous sponsor with us we
had
originally envisioned the cx event to be
an event with an event accessory annual
2020.
obviously due to covid we had to pivot
it to being in a digital format
um so we were renamed sensor enterprise
we had it in a digital landscape last
year
um in july we're doing it this year a
bit earlier just with timing of q2
um to be in may so this will be may 26th
and
27th we'll have you know
250 plus of the top cios
um cdos and cxos in the cloud
joining us as well as you know a
thousand or more like we did last year
at the top sas and b2b ceos
um so this astro enterprise event is
really our flagship event
that is geared towards bringing together
the
next generation of cloud ceos with
you know the top buyers if you will of
enterprise software so these are the
cios the ceos the ctos um
cxos right who are providing you know
um their their
their trends um you know we've got some
of the top speakers coming in and from
the cloud as well
um so enterprise is really interesting
and different from our other events
because we structure it a bit
differently so i'll get into that here
so
basically you could think of sas for
enterprises having
two experiences the first is
you know the content so obviously
sastra's known for its really great
content
um we've already i was literally just on
with our speaker team chatting with them
um about speakers and content first
astro enterprise you know we've got some
of the top leaders who are driving
innovation in the cloud
who are going to be coming and
presenting we've got really great
leaders lined up already
um so this will be sort of our
our core content which will be open for
everyone
so um what that means for you as a
sponsor right is
you can think about one part of saster
enterprise as being the content
um which is open to everyone you know
it'll be about the latest trends and
clouds everything from like
communication to devops
security partnerships what's going on in
the cloud productivity
technology all of that right so content
is really
one piece of it it's open to everyone um
and we really do this
and having the content open so that as a
sponsor when you present a hyper
workshop
we can get you as many raised scans and
leads as possible
so that's one portion of it the other
portion of it is the exclusive curated
meetings we have
with those top cios um and the top ceos
and sas so
this is more closed off um
and this is exclusive to that group
and as a sponsor there's a way to
interact with both parties but the most
important thing to know is that there's
one track of content that's open for
anyone so anyone can drop in and watch
this content that means you get more
leads as a sponsor
and then we have these exclusive curated
meetings right between the cios
and the cxos um so that is a bit
more closed off so that we can keep it
very high quality networking very
curated
very invite only we literally make sure
that every attendee has been vetted by a
disaster team
so that's basically how sasser
enterprise is structured it's a bit
different from our other events if you
guys
have participated or looking to
participate um
in a event in 2021
um you know our past digital events the
both the content
and the networking is typically open to
everyone enterprise again is a little
bit different where the content's open
to everyone and the networking is
exclusive for this subset of folks and
so that we can keep the meetings high
as high quality as possible
okay um like i said we did have sass for
enterprise in a digital format last year
so
this is a look at our enterprise event
audience specifically
um we do have another one that caitlyn
can send separately for the rest of our
digital events at a science um but this
is just specifically for enterprise
since obviously
um it is a little bit of a different
audience than our core audience not too
far off um
but there's bigger companies who attend
here right so
um the i think the biggest thing to note
from here is obviously you know company
signs you've got to break down here this
is
um larger than normal other
faster digital events who attends right
we've pulled
a mix of some of the top attendees um
again from last year's event
and put them here because again it's we
just picked a different mix that was
more enterprise focused than our other
digital events
um as well as some you know top logos um
for brand exposure so
um last year at faster enterprise we had
about 8 000 people
attend the content only and we had about
1200 people attend the invite-only
networking between the ceos
and then the cxos and then we also had a
lot of people tune in via the live
stream
um so that's just another way that
people can watch again the content only
um so it's it's great exposure all
around in terms of like you'll get leads
from your session because the contents
of
everyone you'll get super targeted
meetings free of the double opt-in
meetings that we do which we'll share
more about how that works
um and then you'll get obviously really
good brand exposure via the live stream
so
um it's really a great event to sort of
hit
all three pillars of leads
high quality meetings and brand exposure
we really like it a lot of sponsors have
shown a lot of interest in enterprise
already or have already signed up
and we do have limited slots which is
why we wanted to take this time to
explain how enterprise works so that you
guys could decide which event
is the best fit for you
um these are look at some of the
speakers we had last year just to give
you guys a flare of who has spoken
the type of content we look for um you
know we can
in our follow us uh we'll link out to
you guys some of the best sessions from
sastra enterprise last year so you can
get a sense of
uh the type of content that performs
well for this audience
at saster
um just some testimonials from some of
those folks who use all of our speakers
um and what they like about saster which
i think is always
nice to see um and then we just wanted
to
go through the bulk of this which is
sponsorships right so what does this
mean if you want to get involved
disaster enterprise
um the first thing i would say is a
reminder which is what we tell all folks
who are looking at
engaging it's asked for enterprises like
you should be enterprise ready um if
you're going to
partner with us at this event um if
you're still moving up market it might
not be the best
fit for you especially since once we
explain the double opt-in meetings
there's a way that
you need your habit of your suite suite
your c-suite available to take meetings
um obviously those sort of buyers that
you'll have the meetings with have
a specific set of questions you know
there's different implications once
you're
selling at the enterprise so we do
recommend that you already have
a few enterprise clients before
coming in to sponsor this event
obviously we have a lot of digital
events with a lot of themes
um so if you're not quite at that level
yet probably would say another digital
event would be a better fit for you
um but if you are at that level and
obviously want to take advantage of some
of the things i mentioned earlier
um disaster enterprise is a great event
to do so um
so i'm going to start actually with our
most popular sponsorship
both at enterprise and all of our
digital events um it's the super gold
it's a little bit different at faster
enterprise
um so if you guys are familiar with our
super goals at other digital events
this is basically a 20-minute workshop
including q and a so a workshop will be
a piece of content that
our sas for speaker team and your
speaker team or your content team works
with you on
to really craft together a piece of
content that fits not only
to the overall agenda of the event but
something that will
resonate with our audience and it's more
like a thought leadership or a playbook
or a how-to
um so that's the core way that you'll
get leads right so um we'll basically
work with you
on a piece of content um you will get
the leads from that session
post event so again this is why we have
content open to
everyone to drive up those leads um and
we also live stream it um as i mentioned
our live stream has been
super popular um so one thing we do in
addition to you know having our core
attendees watch
in our website platform is we live
stream it out onto our very popular
social media accounts
um and we've had we've had our videos
get you know 10
000 or more views um for sponsors
um so that's that's cool brand awareness
um
and then at the super bowl level you do
get access to our
curated double opt-in meetings at saster
enterprise um
which i will explain next how that all
works
and then you'll also get you know some
of the additional branding that we have
in our
in our normal digital event packages
which is you know branding on our
homepage
again lead capture of the content so you
will get those leads of people who
sign up for your session um
you know we do number of promotions
pre during and post event um with the
videos
and content and then obviously you know
your logo will go on
our website and all of our marketing
materials for this event
um as well so that's
our main sponsorship the bronze is a
little slightly different it's more of
an entry level to enterprise
um the content is a bit different in the
sense that instead of a workshop it's a
roundtable session so it's structured a
bit differently it's
it's more of 10 minutes of content and
slides and 10 minutes of interactivity
and q
a some people have split this up a bit
differently
but this is more interactive than the
hyper workshop the hybrid workshop is
more of a presentation
usually with q and a following uh the
round table is less of emphasis on
presentation more of like
facilitating conversations with folks um
so
that is the main difference there um the
bronze also does
not have access to the double opt-in
networking um so that's just something
to keep in mind there are the main
differences so if
meetings or something super important
for you you'll definitely want to come
in
at least at the super gold level or
above
if you want to come in for content and
leads um and have
more of an interactive session that's
typically listed around tables being a
bit more nichey
um in terms of content topics and then
you'll want to
consider the bronze sponsorship
um we've laid out some of the difference
here just at a glance um
a few of the things i did not touch on
were the super gold plus so this is
something that actually is
only for existing sponsors and that is
where we will do
a formal write-up of your content
session
after the event so it gets additional
post-event push and we'll do a formal
write-up and call it from
the cxos desk um where we basically
write up the key takeaways from
recession
um we publish the video we clean it up
um and have that as an asset there so
that's the super gold plus but again
only open to
the existing sponsors um and then
platinum which is like
really the highest level which we
already have one um
so not to say that there couldn't be
another but
very very um specific on partnerships
um and so then we typically have a bit
more of a lead time to do with folks
um so really the main ways are either
super boulder bronze
um hyper workshops so again this is for
super gold is something we do is we put
your content into the agenda this is the
way we
drive engagement and signups for your
session
um this is how we get the most leads and
eyeballs to your session
um so it's really important if you are a
super gold sponsor to
um to ensure that
you work with our content team to make
sure you meet all the guidelines and
deadlines
and so that once we do launch session
registration to attendees
we can make sure that your content is
included in launch that always works
really well to get people
a big push of initial leads
uh so just something to keep in mind
there
um live streaming we just dropped a few
screenshots here if you guys are
unfamiliar with
um some of the way we've been doing our
live stream in the past we've got some
screenshots here of
what that looks like across our social
media accounts um jason rce is very
popular on twitter and we've got
saster's accounts um so we do live
stream
uh all the content during our events
across our various social media handles
um and like i said they they usually get
a really good boost there
just from brand awareness perspective um
unfortunately there's not a way to
capture those 20 000 or 10 000 or so
names
um but obviously it's a so it's a great
thing to have um in terms of brand
awareness pr
just something you could show off to
folks um and i'll be in your ceo as well
for the fact post event for uh some
immediate roi there
um we've put together some examples here
of
the kind of volume you can expect in
terms of like leads
so the lead count is on the right of how
many hand raisers and opt-ins these
folks got and then views is on the
right for how many um live stream views
they got
and then the main thing we wanted to go
over was the double lofted meetings
um so how this works because i know this
is again something different from
our normal content which again is out
there
pretty easy to find an explanation for
um on saturday.com so
double opt-in meetings is where we we
have this sort of separate audience of
500 or so cxos um a thousand ceos who
are invited
again just a subset of this audience to
the exclusive networking portion within
saster enterprise
um basically what we do
internally with this audience is work
very closely with both
so this particular subset of attendees
as well as our enterprise sponsors to
understand
who you want to meet who they're trying
to meet what they're buying patterns are
um what they're looking for um to really
create sort of a profile
um pre-event and then what we do
um pre-event really ups about a month
before
is send both the sponsors and the
attendees a list of each other
so as a sponsor what that means for you
is you would get a list of
like titles and company names um like on
on or around may first of here's who is
attending
enterprise you would tell us who you
want to meet with
we would go to those folks to facilitate
a double
so that's really what me my devil often
is you want to say you want to meet
folks and they want to meet you um so
once a meeting match is made
we really help facilitate an
introduction between um the two parties
um and help you facilitate a meeting
time
typically it's during the event um some
people will have them
at some last year post event but
obviously that's a better
engagement right if you do try and do it
during the event um so based on how we
did meetings last year and that success
we do honestly require
having a member of your c-suite or your
leadership team
available to take these meetings again
just because this subset audience of
cxos and ceos really want to meet with
other c-suite
founders um leadership members
um not really like a vp product per se
um so that's why we encourage that
because it will drive up the amount of
meetings that you could potentially have
at sastra enterprise and our team will
really work with you again to facilitate
as many meetings as possible
one thing you'll notice about our super
goal sponsorships is we don't guarantee
a certain amount of meetings
um on average last year folks had about
five of these high quality double
often meetings uh but some had more and
some had less so that's just an average
it really depends on
your c-suite's availability and your
leadership team's availability to take
these meetings
um some of it has to do with
responsiveness of you know making sure
you get us
your list of attendees you want to go
out to it might take more than one round
um just depending on how many hand
raisers and matches there are
um so that's something we'll work with
you really closely with but obviously
time
time is of the essence when it comes to
double opt-in meetings
um so something just to keep in mind
there that um
time is something to factor in
to your sponsorship timelines again if
you
have any questions um feel free to
contact us so if you are a current
or existing sponsor um
feel free to email caitlyn her primary
email sponsor success at sastering.com
um if you're a new sponsor and have not
signed on for disaster print enterprise
yet
um you can reach out to pollya or brian
at susterink.com and or
myself or caitlin i'm just amelia it's
after if you have a question for me
um and they will get you on your way so
thanks
everyone who attended i hope this was
informative about sastra enterprise
um and yeah email us if you have any
[Music]
questions
you